Hey guys welcome back to the course.
Hey I'm popping in here to give you a quick tip.
Throughout this process for something that is really a great resource but I don't really know how exactly
it would fit into the rest of the section.
OK.
So there's a site out there it's been around for quite a long time and it's pretty well known and it's
a great kind of shortcut to getting press coverage or at least getting mentioned in press not site is
called Help a reporter dotcom.
It's also referred to as Horo constantly you'll see that h a r o.
Now the idea behind this is that there are a lot of journalists out there writing stories now they don't
know where to get sources for their material.
Let's say someone is writing about solar power and how it affects a specific state will say Are they
an expert in that state.
And are they an expert in solar power.
Probably not.
Do they know off the top of their head who they can call to get an expert analysis or to answer some
really specific question.
No.
So what the spacing this web site does is they have something like fifty five thousand journalists pretty
much all major publications use this website and what they'll do is when they need a source they'll
post on there.
They say I need a source that's an expert in this.
And then what you can do is you can pick that pitch them and say here's my answer or pitch them on why
you're a good expert.
And then they can either set up an interview with you or just take what you wrote and then use that.
So when you do this it's pretty easy just going to help reporter dot com.
You have somebody you have to do a subscription I do believe the free trial so you tried out to see
if you'd like it.
Well they're doing is they send you an e-mail three times a day based on some of the information they
give you.
They'll tailor it a little bit.
So if you keep checking your e-mail you might see very quickly that someone's asking a question that
might be relevant to you.
And if you can't answer that question well then actually try and do it.
So what ends up happening is if you do do it we'll either call you to an interview and then you'll have
a quote or even a paragraph if you're lucky or you know you pitch them the information and same thing
like they'll have a quick blip saying this is your name.
What your company is does and this is what they said.
Oftentimes that is a great driver of traffic and it's a fantastic way to get SEO value.
I know not as CEO yet but those are links back to your Web site.
So if you're quoted as an expert on something not only is that look great for your brand you your personal
image but it also has a big link coming from a big domain to your site.
So that's a pretty cheap and easy way to do this.
It's really low hanging fruit.
Don't think that you're going to hit it out of the park the first time you do it is certainly one of
the ones that you should just give it a couple days to comb through some of the e-mails or you actually
go in their system and just look through the database of them.
Keep in mind that these are timely.
That's why I say make sure to check your e-mail read them and quickly decide yes or no.
Oftentimes they're running a story and they need a source right now and they need to publish tomorrow
and that's more often the case than you know I have a question and you can answer it in a month.
So just keep that in mind if you can answer this quickly and do a good job.
And this is basically free press for you anyway I check it out it's Horo or help a reporter dot com.
Been around forever.
It's really cheap and easy way to get into big outlets like The New York Times The Wall Street Journal's
The Economist like just huge huge outlets out there.
All right guys I'll see you in the next lecture.